I hear this kind of thing
happens all the time.
Just do it.
Okay, but…
See.
It's no good.
It worked!
Wow, so you're here after all.
That was just from your nose.
It was my breath, huh?
That's okay.
As long as I can feel that you're here.
That'd be nice…
if we could talk like that.
But that means…
Are you
dead?
I don't know.
I don't remember anything.
I don't know how to answer you.
Tell her that.
He says, "I don't know.
I don't remember anything.
I don't know how to answer you."
Sorry for troubling you.
"Sorry for troubling you."
Don't apologize.
It's harder for you, isn't it?
-No…
-I'm the one who's sorry.
We still
don't know anything.
That's why,
just knowing you're there is good enough.
Just you being by my side is enough.
It's better than being gone.
You're here, aren't you?
I am.
I'll be okay.
As long as I can feel you,
I'll be fine.
Naoki Torino. Occupation: Chef.
Works at a Western-style restaurant
in Sendai-cho 6-chome
called, "Hummingbird."
His address is 1-3-15 Sendai-cho.
Fukui Building, room 405.
When was
the missing person's report filed?
January 16th,
four days after the incident.
The application was filed
by his partner, Yui Soma.
So, on January 12th,
on the security camera at the scene
of Suzuka Takahara's murder,
this man named Naoki Torino
shows up.
He does sure look like him.
At 3:30 in the afternoon,
he enters the building
after the courier comes out.
He comes back out at 3:37 p.m.
Isn't he our main suspect, then?
We still don't know--
Anyway, the key is to find out
whether he and the victim
were involved in any way.
I'm gonna go talk to the woman
he was dating.
-Yui Soma…
-About that…
Huh?
-It's fine.
-What?
If you have any information
you need to report it.
It's just…
I know you won't believe me, but…
-Just say it!
-Recently…
I've been seeing this man's ghost.
What?
You have dried plums
in the fridge, don't you?
Or at least use some rice seasoning.
You need some flavor.
There's nothing inside your rice ball.
Well, I guess rice tastes
good enough on its own.
I'm lucky I even have
time to eat lunch today.
My back hurts today.
I want to sit down.
But once you sit down,
it's hard to get up.
-Standing jobs are tough, aren't they?
-What?!
Oh, it's already time for the next client.
Hi, my name is Yui.
I'll be your stylist for today.
Watch out!
Are you okay?
Thank you for the other day.
What a coincidence.
I know!
CUSTOMER INFORMATION DETAILS
Is your name pronounced Sou?
It's Song Ha Young.
Ms. Song. You work at the hospital, right?
Are you a doctor, by chance?
-Yes.
-Wow, amazing!
Oh no, not at all.
Oh, yeah. How are you feeling?
Did you feel any dizziness afterwards?
I'm sorry for making you worry.
I'm pretty confident
in my physical strength.
-Please have a seat.
-Okay.
TEMPORARILY CLOSED
"Temporarily closed.
We sincerely apologize
for the inconvenience."
They've been closed for a while.
-Maybe they've gone under.
-Not true.
The Hamburg steak here
was really delicious.
We're not out of business!
The restaurant business is tough.
Look… I didn't ask for this to happen.
You probably can't hear me.
Can you see me?
We need to turn the economy around.
I just said…
-We're not out of--
-Hi.
I hadn't seen you,
so I thought you'd might be here.
Well,
there's something I want to ask you.
What is it?
Well…
on January 12th,
you were…
It's Miss Soma.
GUSTO CAFE RESTAURANT
So, what did you want to ask me?
Naoki's here, right?
Yeah, that's right.
Do you want to sit next to her?
Sure.
You really can't see him?
You just look so natural.
To me, you look like a normal
couple sitting together.
I sometimes wonder if I'm being deceived.
If only that were the case.
Sorry.
I've been talking
to myself a lot ever since.
I think I probably look like
a strange person.
But,
I know that Naoki is here.
Yeah.
Don't worry. I'm definitely here.
I have something to ask of you.
Yes?
What happened to Naoki?
Where is his body?
Can you look into it?
You said the police won't act
unless something happens,
but you can see Naoki.
If you can see this guy's ghost,
then just ask him.
"Did you kill her?"
I want to
confirm something with the two of you.
Yes?
Since I am able to see Naoki,
there is a high probability
that Naoki
is dead.
And by looking into
what happened to Naoki,
it's possible that we may uncover
even more painful truths.
Do you understand that?
I'm okay with it.
-But I don't think Yui--
-I understand.
It's fine with me.
So, please look into it.
I'm sure Naoki won't be convinced
unless he knows the truth.
Please.
Understood.
-Now then…
-Excuse me.
We'll be closing soon. Please finish up.
Oh, please excuse us.
Shall we go somewhere else
so we can keep talking?
How about we go to my place?
Huh? No, no way…
Going to your place is a bad idea.
-Bad idea?
This is Naoki's place. He gave me his key.
Excuse me, wait a minute.
Maybe we should go somewhere else.
I'd like to hear from Naoki too.
And even though you're a police officer,
I don't feel comfortable letting you in.
Well, Naoki might be here, but…
Well, it's just…
It might be best for you to go home.
From the outside,
it looks like it's just the two of us.
It's also late.
Hey…
What are you thinking?
You're a police officer.
-That's why I'm saying…
-All right, Yui, you go home, okay?
Let's set some rules.
Rules?
You can only come in here
when Naoki is with you.
It's just… that rule…
I'm the only one who can
be the judge of that.
I still want to hear what he has to say.
Besides it's cold so let's go in.
Yui!
I'm a police officer.
-Here.
-Thanks.
Don't worry.
Not you. Naoki's right here.
-You don't need to tell her.
-He's here?
You should be a little more cautious, Yui.
What is it?
Nothing.
Okay, let's get to it.
Naoki went missing on January 13th.
No, it was the day before, on the 12th.
Oh, right. It was the 13th.
On the 13th,
the store was temporarily closed that day.
It was only open during lunch
for the children's restaurant.
JANUARY 13TH 2023, FRIDAY 12:05 PM
Yui couldn't come to help
because she had to work.
We're here.
Come in.
Welcome.
I'm sorry the kids are not being polite.
You guys, please say hello!
Hello!
That was around noon.
I think the kids went home at two o'clock.
However,
I don't remember myself leaving the store.
Next thing I knew,
I was asleep in my room.
Seriously?
Yui had come over.
Because it was her birthday.
How annoying.
You were there?
Yes. I thought you were talking to me.
I thought you were upset
because I had been asleep.
He thought you were upset
because he was sleeping.
I was mad because
he didn't come home for my birthday.
Naoki went out of his way
to take time off work
and asked me to come to his place,
and that's why I…
No, never mind that.
I was going to ask her to marry me.
You don't have to tell her that.
So, he doesn't have memory
of anything from 2 p.m.
until he woke up at 9 o'clock at night.
What happened during those seven hours?
If we could look at Naoki's phone
we might find something.
Can the police look into that?
If the nature of the incident is clear,
we could use weak radio waves to search.
But in this case… it's difficult.
You can use my laptop to track
the phone's location.
Over there! That laptop.
Oh, that's right.
What's the password?
Wait.
Is it okay to look?
Why?
Is there anything… I shouldn't see?
Sorry about that. Well?
It's okay. What are you suspecting me of?
He's says it's fine. He's kind of mad.
I'm not mad!
-That's just my face.
-"That's just my face."
Yes, that's what he said.
SMARTPHONE SEARCH
THE PHONE CANNOT BE FOUND
The phone is either turned off
or it's out of battery.
Is there nothing we can do?
Are your messages sync'd to your computer?
-Oh, yeah…
-Is it okay to check?
There it is.
SEARCH
I'M WAITING. DID SOMETHING HAPPEN?
"I'm waiting. Did something happen?"
Who's this from?
Did you plan to meet up with someone?
Sorry for not mentioning it.
Do you remember Rio Ozaki?
Do you remember someone named Rio Ozaki?
Rio Ozaki…
Rio?
Starting today,
Rio Ozaki will be living with us.
You have it wrong!
I beat the shit out of her.
Rio Ozaki was two years older than us,
so she was probably a second year
in high school.
She'd been in trouble a lot
since elementary school.
Even foster homes and independent support
facilities couldn't handle her.
So, the Hirotas took in Rio temporarily.
Hey!
Stop messing around.
You're always like that, Naoki.
I'm not mad.
-That's just my face.
-"That's just my face."
When I was with Rio it was exciting.
We had fun.
Then suddenly one day, she disappeared.
And the police?
I see.
No, she hasn't contacted us.
In the end,
while Masaru and Mikiko
did everything to try to find her,
in most cases, the rule is
that you must leave
the foster home when you turn 18.
It seems the consignment ended
when Rio turned 18.
Have you had any contact with
Rio Ozaki since then?
No, I haven't.
During that time, you never met up
with Naoki either, right?
Six years ago,
after Mikiko passed away, Masaru told me
that Naoki came to her funeral.
But we didn't see each other.
I started going to Masaru's again
at that time.
I was wanting
to be independent and become a chef.
A chef? Do you want to open a restaurant?
That's perfect.
Masaru said he wanted
to introduce me to Eisuke.
I want to open an eatery.
No, it's more like…
My main goal is to open
a cafeteria for children.
I never thought
that would be the direction
you'd go in, Eisuke.
Is Western food okay
for that type of restaurant?
Like Hamburg steak and Omelet rice?
That's perfect! The kids would love it.
It's decided.
That's how I opened up the restaurant
and met Yui again.
After that, we often went
to Masaru's house together.
But Masaru was ill,
and just recently he passed…
NOVEMBER 18TH, 2022
MASARU HIROTA
I think Masaru
knew about his illness.
Foster parenting can't be done alone.
He stopped accepting new children.
He and Mikiko were always together.
I don't know how a married couple
could get along so well.
It's hard to be left behind.
THE CAT WHO LIVED A MILLION TIMES
"One day, the white cat
laid beside the cat,
and quietly stopped moving.
The cat cried for the first time ever,
all day and all night. All day
and all night,
he cried a million times!
Day and night,
day and night, the cat cried.
Until one day, when the sun
was high and bright, he stopped.
Lying beside the white cat,
he quietly stopped moving."
I wouldn't be happy.
If I were the white cat.
I'd be happy he cried
a million times for me, but
I wouldn't want him to die.
After he cries a million times,
I'd want him to live happily ever after.
That's what I…
Nothing.
What?
It's nothing.
Are you trying to say I'm heartless.
How did you know?
I should have told her I loved her.
You don't need to tell her that.
So, what happened to Rio?
It's out of ink. Excuse me for a minute.
You know, you keep saying
some very personal
and highly private things.
I said you don't have to tell her that.
Well, stop saying it to me then.
It makes me uncomfortable.
But I want to.
Fine, but do it sparingly.
Sorry about that.
So why did he decide to meet Rio?
Masaru asked me to.
Could you please help me find Rio?
I'd like to give this back to her.
RIO
MEMORIES OF GRADUATION
Mikiko and I…
always kept looking for Rio.
We did everything we could.
Maybe we weren't doing it the right way.
In the end, we never found her.
Why didn't you tell me?
We could've looked for her together.
I don't know how Rio is doing right now.
I was going to tell you
if I felt it was safe to meet her.
He was intending to tell you
once he determined
if it was safe to meet.
You worry too much.
But,
if this message that asks
if something happened
was sent by Rio Ozaki to Naoki,
that means Naoki never went
to the rendezvous point.
Probably… but I don't know.
He doesn't seem to know.
Should we leave it here for today?
I'm going to try calling this number
tomorrow to see if I can reach Rio.
No, that's…
-"That's…"
-He's saying I shouldn't, right?
As I said, he worries too much.
I also want to know
what happened to Naoki.
I'll let you know once I talk to Rio.
Please do.
Are you still angry?
Yui.
Yui, there's a weird man.
Yui, Yui!
-Ouch!
-Run, Yui!
That hurt.
It's been a while since
I felt something like that.
-What a sensation.
-What?
You didn't notice at all.
We passed each other quite a few times.
But you never noticed.
I was at my wit's end.
So, I surprised you. I'm sorry.
Can you…?
Yes! You ran into me, right?
We can see each other,
and we're talking, aren't we?
Can you also see ghosts?
No. Come on, stop playing dumb.
We're the same.
People who have not attained Buddhahood.
To put it plainly, ghosts.
It's time to admit that you're dead.
It'll be easier.
I'll tell you how to come back to life.
I knew it. You're in denial!
You were like, "What? You can?"
Hey!
SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 2023
"To Rio Ozaki, I apologize for
contacting you so suddenly.
This is Yui Soma.
We lived together for a while 20 years ago
at Masaru and Mikiko Hirota's house."
RIO OZAKI
It's her.
NAME: RIO OZAKI
DATE OF BIRTH: APRIL 9TH, 1986
PERMANENT RESIDENCE:
YOKOSUKA, KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
ARREST RECORD (2): ASSAULT
Assault… and twice.
"I want to meet
so I can ask you something.
Do you have some time?"
-Hello, Rio--
-Hello?
My name is Shinohara
I'm with the Criminal Investigation
Division of the Yamakita Police.
Is this Yui Soma speaking?
Ah, yes.
I'm calling about the missing person's
report you filed the other day.
Actually, this morning,
the body of an unidentified male
was found in our precinct.
The age, height, etc.,
could be a possible match
to your acquaintance.
I'd like to ask you to identify
his personal belongings and his body.
Hello?
Can you hear me, Miss Soma?
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
SAKIHAMA POLICE STATION
The victim, Suzuka Takahara
was a shopaholic.
She had been in a psychiatric
recovery program for about two years.
What about her finances?
She was bankrupt and blacklisted.
She couldn't borrow from
legitimate financial institutions.
But a month before she was murdered,
She spent nearly three million yen
on purchases with cash.
We don't know where she got that money.
Three million is quite a lot.
-Killed…
-It would be difficult to recover.
We will now report
on the security camera footage.
This is from the security camera
at the apartment entrance,
on the day of the incident.
It shows a man who was reported missing.
The man's name is Naoki Torino,
a chef at Hummingbird, a Western-style
restaurant in Sendai town, 6th street.
His address is 1-3-15
at the Fukui Building
in Sendai town, Naka-district, Yokohama…
So that's why you were helping me
because I was a suspect.
I should have told you earlier.
However, there is a chance
you could be the culprit.
What are you talking about?
I just went to see her.
Why did you go to see her?
To see Suzuka Takahara?
Suzuka Takahara is a friend of Rio Ozaki's
from middle school.
I contacted the students
in Rio's yearbook and asked
if they knew Rio's whereabouts.
Only Suzuka Takahara knew
Rio's contact info.
On January 12th,
you went to Suzuka Takahara's place.
I did, but she didn't answer the door.
Maybe she'd already been killed by then.
They found a man's body within the
jurisdiction of Yamakita Police
with similar features to Naoki Torino.
The person who filed the report
is confirming the body.
The body's at Yamakita Police Station?
May I go?
Why? They'll call as soon as
they get confirmation.
Where's Yamakita Police Station?
It's okay. I'll wait right here.
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
YAMAKITA POLICE STATION
Do you recognize these?
They're not his.
I don't recognize any of them.
I see.
So it wasn't him?
I was so scared.
That's to be expected.
Are you going to work now?
Please don't strain yourself.
Thank you.
I'm sorry for making you worry.
THE CAT WHO LIVED A MILLION TIMES
I'm hopeless.
If that was…
Naoki…
If that was Naoki…
I don't know what I would've done.
Hello? Huh? Miss Soma?
-Are you alright?
-Yui.
-Hello?
-Yui!
YOKOHAMA MEDICAL UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
The hyperventilation syndrome
should be temporary.
And you've had vertigo before.
Please stay home from work today.
I'm a little worried
about you working while standing.
Yes.
Have you experienced any trauma
or any strong anxieties lately?
No,
I'm fine.
I'm sorry to keep troubling you.
I'd like to run some tests,
just to be sure.
Alright.
RECEPTION
Are you okay?
Is he here?
I'll escort you.
That's alright.
But you shouldn't be alone, right?
Can we talk?
Right.
Naoki would like to talk to you.
Okay.
Let's go.
Are you feeling okay?
I'm fine.
If you are in pain,
you can always tell me.
I'm sorry to worry you.
It can't be.
Yui.
Naoki is right here.
He's been here the whole time.
Right by my side.
Whenever I would sense that,
I would feel really happy.
Yeah.
But,
today I was scared.
I didn't know what I would do
if they found his body, so I was scared.
I won't accept it.
I will never accept his death.
My body rejects it.
I thought I'd be okay
if I could just feel his presence.
But it was a lie.
I can't see his face or hear his voice.
I can't touch him.
He can't touch me.
It doesn't make a difference
if he is by my side or not.
You not being corporeal is too painful…
If you're there, touch me.
Let me touch you.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
I'm saying terrible things.
Yui.
Listen.
I don't know what caused this to happen,
but I hate seeing you
in pain.
He says, "I don't know
what caused this, but I hate
seeing you in pain."
That's why
I'm gonna find out what happened.
"That's why I'm gonna
find out what happened."
And so…
"And so…"
Even if I'm dead…
Please tell her.
"Even if
I'm dead…"
You must move forward.
"You must move forward."
Thank you.
SUNDAY, JANUARY 22ND, 2023
Sorry for the wait.
Did you remember anything?
I've kept quiet about something.
There's something else that Masaru
asked me to give to Rio Ozaki.
Cash. Five million yen.
What's this money for?
I don't know what it's for.
But it belongs to Rio.
Can you give it back to her?
Did you tell
Suzuka Takahara about that money?
No, I only told her about
wanting to return the personal items.
But, if
Rio Ozaki knew there was money
in her personal items,
and she had told Suzuka Takahara about it…
Suzuka Takahara was a shopaholic.
She was obsessed with money.
Did they fight over the money?
Rio Ozaki has two prior convictions
for assault.
Are you saying…
Rio killed Suzuka Takahara?
THIS IS RIO OZAKI. IS THIS YUI?
On the twelfth,
the day I went to Suzuka's house,
Rio called me that night.
We made plans to meet the next day.
The night of the 12th…
Suzuka Takahara
had already been killed by then.
If…
Rio Ozaki is the culprit…
why did she contact you?
Maybe she thought I knew something?
And she killed me as well?
It's from Miss Soma.
"This is Yui Soma.
I got in touch with Rio Ozaki.
We're going to meet now."
-She's meeting Rio? She can't!
-Let's go. Hurry!
If we can somehow communicate…
Are you in Uozumi's body again?
Yui. It's me.
You can see him too?
I don't want anything to happen to Yui.
What can I do for Naoki?
-Have I met you before?
-Yui's in danger!